# DBMS Game Store Project
    It's a game store database that is developed using n-tier structure for Database management system class as an assignment.
    
Online shopping (sometimes known as e-tail from "electronic retail" or e-shopping) is a form of electronic commerce which allows consumers to directly buy goods or services from a seller over the Internet using a web browser. In our project we aim to serve electronic copies of computer games by a digital distribution service.
Digital distribution (also referred to as content delivery, online distribution, or electronic software distribution among others) is the delivery or distribution of digital media content such as audio, video, software and video games. The term online distribution is typically applied to freestanding products; downloadable add-ons for other products are more commonly known as downloadable content. With the advancement of network bandwidth capabilities, online distribution became prominent in the 21st century, with prominent platforms such as Steam and Epic Store and much more. 
Wide spread of internet and increasing internet speed around the world accessibility of online game stores has risen as stated and with this accessibility. Rise of digital copy sales increased massively. This leap has become reason for reducing of sales as hard copies from stores. Reduce of hard copy sales had positive impact for companies because for the hard copy sales, companies had to spent massive amount of source on hard copy sale. Logistics, raw material used for hard copy cases, instructions, paper for case visibility; all this was an expense from their profit which they did not get until some point after release. Thanks to digital distribution all this effort became couple megabyte in digital world and saved companies millions, reduced earth materials used and reduced carbon footprint of the industry and most importantly let people free of storage place for this massive amount of hard copies.
For this reason, in our project, we chose to develop an online game purchase site. These systems, which eliminate traditional hardcopy game sale system, combine game developers and players under one platform, making games easier to distribute. At the same time, it offers a market for independent developers, where they can easily show themselves.

Internet, video games and online shopping are more common among the younger generation, as we all know. As we mentioned in the report, the widespread use of Internet and digital distribution effect the Z generation most. Therefore, the interface of the project needs to be designed in such a way that young people can easily use it. In addition, the fact that young people have access to the game so easily creates a responsibility for our system. For this reason, we attach great importance to parental control of games the age limit and the content it contains will be included in the description of each game for parents to review.
As we mentioned in the introduction, online gaming sales is a market that should not be overlooked, and we have prepared this report for our project named GamerMarket. This report states the mechanism of the online purchasing system and the users of the system, can be change in the future because of changes in requirements, is a critical roadmap for the progress of the project.
